how to spend on marketing the right
way let's dive
in this is Neil
Patel helping you succeed through online
marketing all right so today we are
going to talk about how you can spend on
marketing the right way because we're in
a tough economic period right now as of
this recording this is Q4 of 2023 Neil
and I wanted to give you a couple
thoughts just to protect yourself moving
forward in the olden days and when I say
olden days I'm talking about when the
economy was really good a year plus ago
maybe year and a half ago it was all
about you know can you just scale really
fast and have high growth then it's okay
if you lose money just grow at all cost
and now people are realistic room like
well if you spend a dollar and you lose
$ two dollar why would you spend the
dollar yes you're getting growth but
you're continually losing money so why
wouldn't you just want to spend a dollar
to make a dollar instead of losing a
dollar sure you may not have as much
growth but at least you're making making
real money we believe that in any kind
of economy the best way to scale
marketing and spend on marketing is in a
slow and steady and a profitable way you
got to be very methodical with your
marketing spin it doesn't mean that
everything has to be profitable you got
to experiment and try to find new ways
that are up and cominging and aren't as
competitive because all channels
eventually get very competitive and
saturated but you you can't just turn on
the knob or crank up the knob and just
be like cool I've went from spending you
know ,000 a day to now or $100 a day to
like a million dollars a day it just
doesn't work that way or even if it's
organic marketing you can't just go from
I'm spending 10 grand a month to now 200
Grand a month well you can but you're
just gonna end up burning a lot of money
and doing a lot of stuff that produces
little to no Roi yep look the old days
now is to to Neil's Point those days are
gone where it's like you can go raise
you're looking to raise your next round
you're looking to go to VCS you're
looking to increase your valuation
and then raise and maybe take some
secondary which means you take some
chips off the table right you know back
back then you know 2022 or 2020 even
before all the Privacy changes rolled
out um marketing was kind of on easy
mode and now it's like no you got to be
more creative now you got to be
efficient with your spend and if it's
not going well you got to cut it it's
like discipline is back and that's a
good thing for the long term yeah
discipline is really good what you'll
also find in marketing too it doesn't
matter what kind of economy you're in
the hardest part with marketing is
actually scale it up it's not hard to
run profitable Google ads or Facebook
ads or to do SEO it's hard to do it at
scale and what I mean scale ranking for
millions of keywords organically or
scaling up your paid ads to go after
many different countries and spending a
million two million dollars a month
scale is what tends to break marketing
and you can't just scale up and you
can't just spend you got to slowly ease
into it and if you don't you'll just
find that you're burning a lot of money
and it's not about oh we're a billion
dollar company or hundred billion dollar
company we can just spend it spending it
fast doesn't really solve the problem
when you do slow and steady and you ramp
it up you tend to get much better
results even in the long run again this
doesn't matter what your valuation is
how much cash you have it's more so it
just produces better results now if you
have any questions leave a comment below
I'm here to answer them and help you out
if you enjoyed the video like it share
tell people about it thank you very much